
This is a skeleton project set up to bootstrap a modern (2.2.4 is what
I'm using) Apache Module project with GNU Auto-stuff. The source files
are intentionally empty, so if you are looking for actual sample
module code you probably won't find it here. The intent here is to
give you something to get you going quickly on your module code
instead of spending time getting your build environment set
up. Obviously this can't account for everything you'll want down the
road, but like apxs, it gets you on the right path.

Briefly, the current setup allows you to specify the location of your
apxs for your Apache install with --with-apxs=/path/to/bin/apxs. Any
other confiugrable library dependencies or options will have to be
added by you.

Most of this setup is based heavily on the files in mod_mbox, which
happened to work amazingly well for me once upon a time right out of
the box, so I used that again. Thanks to the keepers of said module.

I've laid it out with a simple src directory for module source files
as well as a tools directory for any other apps that may go along with
your module.

To get going, you should just be able to run autogen.sh, and assuming
it goes ok you'll have a basic setup with a configure script. Take a
look at what exists before and after you run autogen.sh. If it was
there before, it probably contains something you need to
edit. Otherwise it was most likely autogenerated.

Run
./configure --with-apxs=/path/to/your/apxs, make, and make install.

Assuming this all works as expected, get going copying in your own
source files, changing names in configure.ac and the Makefile.am in
each directory. 
